I am James Hong and they're watching
edie magic is right here so stay tuned
it's simple it's then that TV so to
believe that TV here we are another
celebration if you will with the anti
Awards and animation and how things have
changed over the years and your thoughts
on that yeah well sure since they Mel
Blanc plays let's say you know nowadays
they I think they want more than real
voice rather than like I say you know
the old Mel Blanc when they used to do
the what jam-packed you know everybody's
talking to the corner of their mouth no
now as you know they want the stars to
talk the way they do and they just fit
the drawings to it although for my
character mr. ping of a pole they pose
dead I do do a little bit tweaking of my
own voice to make it sound like the
character I was talking with Erik
Estrada and we were talking a lot of his
friends are going towards television it
seems to be more lucrative than the
motion pictures are so far a few big
parts left your thoughts on that matter
well there's some truth to what you said
because of course they're at my age the
the roles on camera and even for Asian
Americans the roles for Asian Americans
as you know are very very far and few in
between so doing voiceover definitely is
like half of what I do nowadays you know
I love to do on camera but certainly
voiceovers are a lot of fun because all
my life I've been doing voices and now
you know I do it for so-called
professional a for
and for fun and and to bring joy to the
children and to the audience out there
who enjoy a kung fu panda and I think
they loved that character of the goose
he's an inspiring character what will be
happening here tonight for you I am one
of the nominees for the best voice of
the TV production for the Kung Fu Panda
holiday special